
Instructions for running of the honk.

-- posting

Should work as expected. Supports **bold** and *italics*.

Large images are rescaled and reduced.

-- following

In order to follow somebody, you need to enter one of two identifiers.

The easiest is probably their handle, the thing that resembles an email.
@name@example.com for example.

Alternatively, one may directly enter the actor ID, which is a URL that looks
like https://example.com/users/name. Note that the commonly seen URL with
@name in it is not their actor ID and won't work.

Followed honkers may be assigned to combos, listing all their honks together.

Selecting just peeping won't actually follow them. (Incomplete feature.)

-- zonking

You can zonk anything you like (or dislike), either your own honk or
those of others that you're tired of seeing. This reduces its visibility, but
doesn't attempt to delete it, which is infeasible.
It's more like disavow.

The killzone supports blocking unwanted contacts. One may block an actor
(zonker), a domain (zurl), or thread (zonvoy).

-- privacy

Honks are public. Welcome to the internet.

Received messages are only visible when logged in, regardless of addressing.

-- css

Custom CSS may be provided by creating a views/local.css file.

-- message

A custom server message may be set adding a ('servermsg', 'message') entry to
the config table using sqlite3.

-- emus

Custom emus may be provided by creating and populating the emus directory.
emus may be referenced when composing a honk via colon wrapping. How pleasant.
This :example: will be replaced by emus/example.png.

-- proxy

honk requires a TLS terminating reverse proxy be configured. It communicates
with other servers via https URLs.

If the proxy is configured to support caching, be mindful of the fact that
ActivityPub requests vary based on the Accept and Content-Type headers.

ActivityPub in practice uses HTTP signatures to verify requests. In order for
this to work, the backend server must receive certain header fields
unmodified. In particular, the Host header and the message content cannot be
altered.

Specifically, for nginx: proxy_set_header Host $http_host;
